- I grabbed 50 random people
and a brand new Lamborghini.
Everyone put your right hand on the car.
Whoever takes their hand off
last gets the $300,000 car.
(cheers)
And I have over 50
different cameras monitoring
every single hand on the Lamborghini.
We'll know if they take it off.
- Do you see how beautiful this car is?
It will be mine.
- As long as it takes,
we're not going home.
- I'm already ready to go home.
- You're probably wondering,
how do you use the bathroom?
Chris, rip off the windshield wiper.
(cheers)
We now have a windshield wiper
that if you're touching
with your right hand,
you are still technically
touching the car.
There you go.
You can get off the car.
(cheers)
I expected people to
get out in weird ways,
but I wasn't expecting
a little bit of water
to be one of 'em.
(yelling)
- Oh, he's out.
- What happened?
- It was all in my face and I reacted.
- Congratulations on being first out.
Here's a 1,000 dollars.
49 of you remain.
(cheers)
- It wasn't on purpose!
- You took the Lamborghini from that man.
- I know! And I feel bad, Cole.
Someone's eliminated.
Oh, I feel bad for them.
(laughs)
- 49 left, I'm not gonna be one of them.
- I think a lot of people
are gonna start slipping up,
because my brain's already slipping up.
It's only been 3 hours.
(rock music)
- Raise your right hand if you're hungry.
(crickets chirp)
(laughs)
One of these times,
we're gonna get someone.
But anyways, we brought you all pizza.
Give me a second.
(cheers)
- Oh yeah, good stuff.
- I'm hoping that while
they're all eating,
some people slip up and
take their hands off.
And with so many people packed together
it didn't take long for
something to happen.
- Somebody stepped on my foot,
and I moved my hand.
I got to see my kid, Doug.
(crowd awws)
- The Lambo would've been cool though.
- [Mr. Beast] It's harder than it looks
to remember not to use one of your hands.
All it takes is one little slip-up
and one of our 50 cameras will catch it.
The water bottle falls.
- Yep.
- You go to pick it up.
You then stare at the camera.
(contestants laugh)
Whoever gets out next
gets a special prize,
but you have 10 seconds.
- Me!
- [Mr. Beast] 10.
9.
- 8?
- [Mr. Beast] It is a brand new Nissan.
- Shut up!
- Congratulations on the brand new car.
Later, nerds. Drive us off.
- I don't know where we're going.
- And in case you're
wondering, every single person
on that Lamborghini is
walking away with a prize.
You should subscribe so you can compete
in one of these videos.
(upbeat music)
It's almost midnight and I'm
gonna give them sleeping bags
because I want them to fall
asleep and accidentally
take their hand off the Lamborghini.
Who wants the sleeping bags?
There you go, here's a sleeping bag.
I did not mean to hit him in the nuts.
There's some sleeping bags.
All right, everybody.
Get a good night's rest.
- I think these guys on the ground
definitely have a top tier strategy.
We don't trust ourselves sleeping
because our hands are gonna move.
- [Mr. Beast] It turns out he was right.
- Someone fell asleep and I
don't feel like waking him up.
I'm gonna give him $1,000
with this sticky note.
(laughs)
(dramatic music)
So you woke up and what'd you find?
- $1,000.
- Who put that there?
- I don't know.
(melancolic music)
(upbeat music)
- [Mr. Beast] Good morning, everybody.
28 of you survived the night.
How are you feeling?
- Half the team here
hate me, I don't know.
- I hate him, he talks too much.
- Oh wow. Really?
- I'm gonna be honest boys,
you've been pretty tame this video.
- Ooh.
Let's create mischief.
- And mayhem.
- Can I scooch past you?
(car revs)
Do you think that'd scare anybody?
If I did one of those real
loud and they're like, oh.
(car revs loudly)
(contestants yell)
I literally just said, do
you think that could happen?
- I just grabbed the bottle
and I'd looked up and I was like, dang,
I'm toast!
- Welcome.
Here's some prizes.
- Thanks so much, bro.
Still walked out with something.
Let's go!
- Could've won a Lambo.
- It's time we do something special, okay?
Bring in the ramp.
Full disclosure everybody,
we've built this ramp
for the last 10 minutes.
So, who knows what will happen?
(crowd cheers)
(rock music)
Oh, she clapped?
- I know, I clapped.
- Oh, really?
- [Crew Member] Let's go!
- We are now in the top 20.
Only 19 people stand between
you and a Lamborghini.
(electronic music)
Attention, everybody.
I have an announcement.
We just dropped our brand new documentary.
While I'm telling the viewers about it,
if one of you make a basketball shot
I'll give you 10 grand.
Our brand new documentary
is only available
on CuriosityStream.
(contestants cheer)
Did someone make it?
I need to do this quick.
CuriosityStream is the
number one streaming service
for science shows, space
shows, history shows,
basically anything educational
CuriosityStream has it.
Somehow while being jam-packed full of
educational information,
the shows are also
still very entertaining.
All right.
And stop shooting, stop shooting.
And like I said, it
also has our documentary
which I'll tell you how to
watch at the end of this video.
Of course, David freaking won the $10,000.
This guy's always winning money.
- Thank you.
- And congratulations, Corey.
- At least this time you
didn't get out during the show.
- Yeah.
(electronic music)
- We're a little over a
day into this challenge
and so far 30 people have gone out.
I wanna get to the top
10 as soon as possible.
So I'm gonna bring out the big guns.
Bring her on.
As you can see, we have
another car to give away.
How many of you would like to walk away
with this brand new Mustang?
- It's a Camaro.
- It's a Camaro. I don't know cars.
Chris, can you drive it
back down and go hide it?
- [Chris] Yeah, I'll go ahead.
- And I think you guys can
piece where I'm going with this.
Whoever touches the
Camaro first can keep it.
(running sound effect)
(contestants cheer)
- [Mr. Beast] Oh!
(crowd voices overlap)
- Oh, we got another one.
(rock music)
- I wonder where the car is.
- Oh my gosh.
(screaming)
- Congrats on the new car.
- [Chandler] Yeah, that's a
good commercial for the car.
(car crashes)
Oh.
- Good thing we got other cars, right?
And now that those 4 contestants are out,
16 of you remain.
(contestants cheer)
Since these contestants survived this far,
I decided to reward them with some steak.
And I didn't realize how
hard it is to eat steak
with only one hand.
- It's so hard to eat.
- You got caught in 4k.
Here's the typical $1,000 prize.
Give it to random children if you want.
- I will do that.
- Jimmy took a nap but before he did
he gave us a bunch of money.
- So we put it in a cannon.
(cannon fires)
That hurt my knee.
3, 2, 1.
The strategy is when they
try to pick up the money,
they're gonna take their hand off the car.
- [Mr. Beast] And, it didn't work.
And then they all went to sleep.
Morning, everybody.
It's hard to wake you all up,
but two of you literally just got out.
We will start off with
our first victim, Corey.
- You just regained consciousness,
and couldn't figure out
where you were for a second.
- Our next person in question is asleep.
Oh, she did it again.
We don't have to show the footage now.
- Woo!
- We are one person off 10 people left,
which is exactly when this
challenge starts to get hard.
(contestants cheer)
- Final 10, baby.
And then it's gonna get crazy.
- We're about to do something crazy.
- I have been waiting for
this moment this whole time.
- Tomorrow's gonna be a
very big day for all of you.
So I'm gonna allow you to
duct-tape your hand to the car
for the night so you can get some sleep.
- I don't know if this is good or bad.
- Oh yeah, I can relax
my hand at some point.
Oh God.
Okay. Maybe not, I lied.
- I didn't interact with
them for a few hours
so they could fall asleep and
I could see what happened.
Let's just say that
people aren't that great
at keeping their hand on the Lamborghini
while they're asleep.
Let's go break the news to 'em.
All right, everybody.
As you can tell by the red
lights, Armageddon has happened.
Fidias, how many people
do you think got out?
- One?
- I hate to break the news to you but
half of you are literally out.
- Oh my God.
- [Mr. Beast] Everyone,
point your eyeballs
at the projector.
Up first is our boy Danny,
both your hands are clearly off.
- [Danny] I was asleep,
I didn't even know.
- Our next victim is David.
It appears your luck ran out.
An itchy nose just cost
you a $300,000 Lamborghini.
Up next, we have a Double Whammy.
So, we'll start off with our boy Neil.
You can clearly see
there's just no contact whatsoever, Neil.
It's okay.
Just another
(Akira cheers)
- Akira, if you look up here
at the screen, you're fine.
But your brother over here
might have some issues.
Scratched your head.
- Are you kidding me?
- [Mr. Beast] And then
went back under the tape.
Now that you've actually experienced it,
do you understand how he
lost a million dollars?
- Yeah, definitely.
This far in, it's a different realm.
- 1 final person has gotten out.
All right, pause it.
(contestants cheer)
(contestant screams)
I'm afraid she's gonna kill me.
At least your boyfriend's still in.
- Win this car for us!
- Everybody follow me in the prize room.
As a reward for making it to the top 10,
grab whatever you want.
You want that one, you want one?
Take another iPhone.
We'll make sure you guys
all walk out with some cash.
Here, take an iPad.
- I know there's a car out there,
but I'm low-key happy right now.
You know what I mean?
- [Mr. Beast] Oh my God.
This is why you've lost two Lamborghinis.
And after all of that, 6 of you remain.
One of you is literally
walking away with this
brand new Lamborghini.
This is what the Lamborghini
looked like at the beginning,
and this is what it looks like now.
And now it's time for the big surprise.
The Lamborghini is now being raised.
- Higher.
- And now the Lamborghini
has lifted 2 entire feet
off the ground,
and I can raise it all
the way up to the ceiling.
Do not forget that a
Lamborghini's on the line
and only one of you is getting it.
- It's not on the line, its in the air.
- This whole thing for me has
been about mental toughness.
- You gotta eliminate the
risk of mental failure
as much as possible.
- I want to get as much rest as possible
because I have a funny feeling
this will get more difficult.
- Me and Nolan have pretended to be asleep
in this Lamborghini for like an hour.
(car honks)
Should I open up the trunk?
Oh my God, he got out,
he got out, he got out.
- What did you wanna tell us?
- When you pulled this latch up,
I think my hand came up.
- We know it came up.
Here's the footage.
As a prize for making this far,
we're gonna give you $10,000 in cash.
- I actually meant to
lift the front trunk.
- Are you kidding me?
- And now that only 5 people remain,
Chandler, raise the Lamborghini!
You can raise it as high as you want
but that's probably a good spot.
You can stop.
I'm, I was about to run
over there, make it stop!
This is where things get fun
because every time someone gets out
we're gonna raise the Lambo.
(intense music)
Akira, what's going on buddy?
- [Akira] Jimmy, I'm at my breaking point.
- Think about it.
Think about the million dollar challenge
100 people last leave circle.
- [Akira] Jimmy, I'm not cut out for this.
I promise you though,
put me in the next challenge.
I will train every day.
- If that's the case,
I'll shake your right hand
and guarantee you a spot
in the next challenge.
- Put it there, Jimmy.
- Oh, let's go!
- Let's go!
- You just won $10,000 in cash.
- My right arm can't take it.
- Enough of this $10,000.
You need to go train
for the next challenge.
We now have 4 players left.
Chandler, raise it.
I give you permission to
go as high as you want.
That's probably high enough.
Chandler, if you go higher
Carl's not gonna be able to get out.
- I don't think I can anymore anyway.
- We trapped Carl.
If you haven't already,
hit the subscribe button below the video,
because this took a lot of time to put up.
I could make them do laps
around the Lamborghini,
stand on one leg and all sorts of things
to make this really hard.
But instead I'm just gonna leave them be
and see who actually wants it the most.
No messing around,
whoever has the most determination
is winning that Lamborghini.
Between me and you,
who are you the most afraid of?
- Myself failing.
- Wow, what a deep answer.
How about you, good sir.
How long have you lasted?
- I have a tattoo, your name.
- Since when did you get
a tattoo of my name here?
- You are my idol.
I don't want to disappoint you.
- Disappointing me is irrelevant.
A Lamborghini's on the line.
(intense music)
It's been 10 hours since someone got out,
let's make it harder.
We're gonna switch from a
hand to a single finger.
Which finger are you choosing?
The pointer finger.
Okay.
Which finger are you choosing?
- Going to the pointer as well.
- Okay, pointer finger.
Oh, keep that bad boy on.
- Oh, this is hard, boy.
- All that matters is that pointer finger.
They pick pointer fingers.
She picked her pinky.
We have a Lamborghini on the line.
These are big decisions.
Pointer finger, okay.
Three people chose their pointer finger
and she chose her pinky.
As of now, you all know the rules,
things got more interesting.
- I'm 100% sure now that
you don't fake videos.
Because I've been awake for 50 hours.
- [Mr. Beast] Standing for this
long was really starting to
wear the contestants down.
And soon enough, they
started making some offers.
What are you proposing, sir?
- How about a flat 20,
and one of those MacBooks?
- You drive a hard bargain. I love it.
20 grand and a MacBook,
if you get out right now.
Oh my gosh!
As you requested, here's $20,000
in cash and a brand new MacBook.
Congratulations in coming in 4th place.
You said you had a proposal.
Let me hear it.
- 25,000 would cover a
portion of my student loans,
my phone and my roommate's
phone broke in the last week.
- Replacing your phones and
25 grand for student loans.
I don't have a problem with that.
Let's shake on it.
Oh my gosh.
Oh, and her hand's very sweaty.
All their hands are sweaty.
Thank you for coming out.
I hope you had fun.
- 50 people comes down to
two people, is me and you.
- Oh my gosh! I'm just kidding.
- This is crazy.
- You're saying this is crazy?
Wait for me to raise the Lamborghini.
- No! No!
- Good luck, Fidias.
- Yeah, I, whoa.
- What? That wasn't much.
- Enough.
- Are you on your tippy toes?
- Yes! Please.
- Okay. All right, fine. I'll chill.
Okay.
- Gentlemen, one of you is walking away
with this Lamborghini above your head.
And one of you isn't.
Good luck.
- I'm coming for Fidias.
No matter what, even if
it takes the death of me.
- [Fidias] I love you, brother.
- Love you too.
- Your arm is fully extended.
Your finger has to be hurting.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
- It doesn't feel great.
Hurting so bad.
- Your finger's shaking
more than I've seen
this whole challenge.
2nd place does give 40 grand,
which isn't a $350,000 car
but 40 grand's better than nothing.
Oh, well.
Seriously think about this.
- It hurts so bad.
- How about Fidias is just like.
- He's in no pain, and I'm dying.
- Just take it off!
- No!
- Oh my goodness.
It's only you.
(Noah screams)
- Oh my gosh!
I didn't know if you were joking or not.
- I just won!
- Here is $40,000 in cash, and Fidias!
Are you crying for real?
And while he's driving
his brand new Lamborghini
I wanna remind you about
the documentary of my life
which is available only
on CuriosityStream.
And you can sign up
for using the link in the
description for only $15 a year.
It comes a Nebula for free
which is basically a
streaming service that has
all the biggest educational
channels on YouTube on it.
So all you have to do is
click the link description
and sign up. Oh gosh, for
CuriosityStream right now.
It's only $15 a year.
There's no reason not to.
Go watch my documentary
and let me know what you think.
- Link in the description!
- Drive! Focus on driving!